Reflection exercise #1
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It helped by ignoring all the parts of the text that obviously didn't contain
any changes. This allowed me to focus on the parts of the text that contained
the bug.

R.e.#2
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
I think learning good version control right from the start saves me a lot of
trouble in the long run, because version control becomes more and more important
as projects get more complex and possibly collaborative.

R.e.#3
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

+ PROS
+ Theoretically, commits will have the right size and not be too big or too small
+ There is no accidental saving of mistakes or half-done things

- CONS
- Manual errors are possible in size of commits
- Commits can be forgotten, leading to the loss of progress

R.e.#4
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
This depends on the target use of the version control system:
- Google Docs: Version control of single files that are not linked directly to other files
- Git: Version control of programs and other multiple file projects consisting
of dependent single files.

R.e.#5
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
First view the commit history using git log.
Then pick the two commits you want to compare by using git diff first_id second_id

R.e.#6
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
By just restoring to the previous commit, it gives you an easy way to reset to
working conditions if something doesn't work out.

R.e.#7
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try using it for version control in my Android programming and possible for future university projects if they are complex.